README.md, before:

# Maintain a GitHub team consisting of all current members of our GitHub organisation

GitHub used to automatically provide a team consisting of all current members of the organisation, but they don't anymore.

This repository maintains an `all-org-members` GitHub team, so that we can grant access to repositories where everyone should have permissions.

## How it works

This runs as a scheduled [GitHub action](./github/workflows/add-missing-members.yml) which uses the GitHub GrphaQL API to fetch a list of all organization members, and a list of all the members of the `all-org-members` team.

Any organization memers who are not team members are added to the team.

The GrphaQL API does not expose methods to add/remove team members, so we use the REST API for that part.

## Pre-requisites

This project requires a GitHub Personal Access Token with sufficient scopes to manage team memberships. The project assumes that this is available via the `ADMIN_GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable.

We have an organization secret with this name, so this repository uses that token.

Commit message:

Add github action to manage the team membership

README.md, after:

# Maintain a GitHub team consisting of all current members of our GitHub organization

GitHub used to automatically provide a team consisting of all current members of the organization, but they don't anymore.

This repository maintains GitHub team consisting of all members of the organization, so that we can grant access to repositories where everyone should have permissions.

## How it works

This runs as a scheduled [GitHub action](./github/workflows/add-missing-members.yml) which uses the GitHub GrphaQL API to fetch a list of all organization members, and a list of all the members of the `all-org-members` team.

Any organization members who are not team members are added to the team.

The GrphaQL API does not expose methods to add/remove team members, so we use the REST API for that part.

## Pre-requisites

This project requires a GitHub Personal Access Token with sufficient scopes to manage team memberships. The project assumes that this is available via the `ADMIN_GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable.

We have an organization secret with this name, so this repository uses that token.

The organization and team name are defined as environment variables in the GitHub action.
